// Tree of Thoughts
digraph {
	4308206064 [label="Imagine you're the hiring manager for the role of \"Quantum Infrastructure Architect\" at a cutting-edge tech company working on the intersection of quantum computing and artificial intelligence. You need to evaluate two final candidates with unconventional backgrounds for this highly specialized position.
Candidate A: Dr. Elara Kwan
Background:
Dr. Kwan has a Ph.D. in Theoretical Physics from MIT with a specialization in quantum field theory. After her academic career, she spent 3 years at a failed quantum computing startup before pivoting to traditional software engineering at a major tech company, where she's worked for the past 7 years leading infrastructure teams. She recently completed an executive certificate in quantum algorithms but hasn't applied this knowledge professionally yet.
Interview Performance:

Demonstrated exceptional theoretical understanding of quantum principles
Struggled initially with practical implementation questions but improved after working through problems
Proposed an innovative architecture for quantum-classical hybrid systems
Received mixed feedback from the team regarding communication style and collaborative approaches
Has published 4 research papers on quantum error correction in the last decade, but none recently

Candidate B: Morgan Zhang
Background:
Morgan has an unconventional career path with a Bachelor's in Computer Science and Masters in Cognitive Science. They've spent 10 years at leading cloud infrastructure companies, becoming an expert in distributed systems. For the past 2 years, they've been self-studying quantum computing while working as a principal engineer. They've contributed to open-source quantum simulation tools and recently built a prototype quantum compiler that outperformed standard approaches in specific use cases.
Interview Performance:

Showed impressive practical knowledge of infrastructure challenges
Applied creative analogies between classical distributed systems and quantum architectures
Demonstrated working prototypes but admitted gaps in theoretical fundamentals
Received enthusiastic feedback from the team on collaboration and communication
Has no formal quantum physics education but has completed three quantum computing MOOCs and actively participates in quantum computing communities

The Challenge:
Evaluate which candidate would be better suited for this role, considering:

The company needs someone who can bridge theoretical quantum concepts with practical engineering implementation
The position requires both leadership skills and hands-on technical abilities
The team is interdisciplinary with varying levels of quantum computing expertise
The company's quantum hardware is still in development, so the infrastructure needs to be adaptable
The role involves significant stakeholder management and explaining complex concepts to non-technical executives
The company's 18-month roadmap includes delivering a commercial quantum advantage in at least one application

Please provide a comprehensive analysis of the strengths and weaknesses of each candidate relative to these requirements, and make a final recommendation with detailed justification."]
}
